#summary This is where common questions and their answers are stored.

= Frequently Asked Questions =

== I try to get the project to compile but I get compile errors about Unit Tests. What’s going on? ==


The AdvanceMathUnitTest part of the Project is purely for testing and it requires a library to compile called NUnit. It is not necessary to run the Demo or Compile the library you can do two things to solve this (in Visual Studios 2005):

Right click on AdvanceMathUnitTest and the select remove. Then it 
should compile. 

Or you could right click on Physics2DDemo and then select debug->start 
new instance. 



== Where is the Documentation? ==

The library itself is well commented using C#’s XML comments these comments are easily accessed via intellisense. But I do plan to add tutorials. You can specifically ask for a tutorial on the Discussion page and I will try to make one for you. 

==How do I remove a Body from the engine? ==

Set its LifeSpan.IsExpired to true. It will be removed in PhysicsEngine.Update

== How do I Make an immoveable platform? ==

Set Body.IgnoresGravity to true and Body.Mass = new MassInfo(float.PositiveInfinity, float.PositiveInfinity).

== My Polygons don’t collide what is happening? ==

You most likely have your grid spacing set too large. It’s a parameter in the Polygon’s constructor. The grid spacing is used to create the CollisionGrid which is how Polygons do collision detection. The smaller the value the more accurate it will be. I found having it about 1/4 the size of the smallest feature of a polygon works well. 


